README.md, before:

## Synopsis

The Next-Generation Incident Command System (NICS) web application

## Dependencies
- nics-tools
- iweb-modules

## Building

You can build a 'debug' build using:

	mvn install

Or a 'production' build using:

	mvn install -Dproduction


Both options will build nics.war to the webapp/target/ directory

## Token Refresh

Tokens' passed to NICS are manually refreshed on the interval set by core.properties 'token.timeout' value.  As long as the token is valid and the max session time (set in OpenAM) has not been reached, the token will be refreshed indefinitely.  Note that the Token's idle time (set in OpenAM) must be greater than the interval time.  Otherwise, the token will be invalid before the first refresh and NICS will end at the time set by 'token.timeout'.

## Frequently Asked Questions

### What is the difference between a debug and production build?

A production build takes some extra steps to optimize the static resources like minifying the Javascript.

### What are these 'modules'?

Each 'module' is a maven jar project. It will package any compiled Java code for that module, plus any static resources (Javascript, CSS, Images) in [META-INF/resources](https://blogs.oracle.com/alexismp/entry/web_inf_lib_jar_meta). When these jars are included in the webapp WAR project, they Java will be executed at runtime and the static resources will be available.

### How do I use these modules?

Just add the module as a dependency of the webapp WAR project and add any code to bootstrap your module. This will likely include adding your module to main.js in the webapp and adding html link tags for your CSS to be included.

Commit message:

Removed some of the logging/code that was just used for testing purposes. Removed the rest of the OpenAm dependent code.  There is a new property called openAm.Identity in the properties file that controls whether the OpenAm code will run.  True means you are using OpenAm, false means you are not. Fixed issue where image imports failed.  There is still an issue with enabling imported image files. Fixed issue with User Lookup tool where errors could be thrown when adding a user already in our list. Fixed issue where the JavaScript would break after a successful import. Imports no longer fail when the file ext is not lower case. Can now add upload image and add it to a feature. Fixed issue with super user not having correct permissions with MultiIncidentView When using IDP, the session handling has been ripped out and replaced with Spring.  There is now concurrency control and sessions now behave as expected. Fixed issue where imports would fail when using an IDP.  There is now an extra step to the import process.

README.md, after:

## Synopsis

The Next-Generation Incident Command System (NICS) web application

## Important to Note

There are many places where links and emails have been hard coded.  For example, in Register.jsp the support email is hard coded.

## Dependencies
- nics-tools
- iweb-modules

## Building

You can build a 'debug' build using:

	mvn install

Or a 'production' build using:

	mvn install -Dproduction


Both options will build nics.war to the webapp/target/ directory

## Token Refresh

Tokens' passed to NICS are manually refreshed on the interval set by core.properties 'token.timeout' value.  As long as the token is valid and the max session time (set in OpenAM) has not been reached, the token will be refreshed indefinitely.  Note that the Token's idle time (set in OpenAM) must be greater than the interval time.  Otherwise, the token will be invalid before the first refresh and NICS will end at the time set by 'token.timeout'.

## Frequently Asked Questions

### What is the difference between a debug and production build?

A production build takes some extra steps to optimize the static resources like minifying the Javascript.

### What are these 'modules'?

Each 'module' is a maven jar project. It will package any compiled Java code for that module, plus any static resources (Javascript, CSS, Images) in [META-INF/resources](https://blogs.oracle.com/alexismp/entry/web_inf_lib_jar_meta). When these jars are included in the webapp WAR project, they Java will be executed at runtime and the static resources will be available.

### How do I use these modules?

Just add the module as a dependency of the webapp WAR project and add any code to bootstrap your module. This will likely include adding your module to main.js in the webapp and adding html link tags for your CSS to be included.
